feat(curriculum): add quicksort lab to frontend cert (#56009)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-quicksort-algorithm/66d97c3be4030e8f41a92083.md

---
id: 66d97c3be4030e8f41a92083
title: Build the Quicksort Algorithm
challengeType: 14
dashedName: build-the-quicksort-algorithm
---

# --description--

> The Quicksort algorithm is one of the various sorting algorithms that can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quicksort is an algorithm that uses the divide and conquer approach to sort arrays.
```
I think this is a little more informative.

> This one has the following implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be implemented as follows:
```
